# Assignment-Queuing-System
A. Problem specification Your company, a regional software developer with 455 staffs, has received 3 new projects this month: two on-line games, and a queuing system for a local hospital. All three of the projects are equally important, with certain level of technical difficulties and challenges. You have been instructed by the CEO to lead a team of 4-5 members, to handle one of the project. You have been given 6 weeks to complete the project and prepare a demo for the board of directors. The descriptions of the three projects are enclosed as appendices. You will be assigned one of these projects once you have formed the team. B. Group formation 1. Form a group of 4-5 members to do the project. 2. Every group member must contribute to the project, including certain amount of coding. The role played by and contribution of each member to the project must be included in the managerial report. C. Submission 1. A technical report explaining the assigned task, the requirements of the task, the approach taken to solve the task, a detail description of your solution (includes the flow-chart, modules, etc.), sample snapshot of your program output. 2. A managerial report explaining the formation of the group, role and assigned work for each of the members, the project timeline, the problems faced in accomplishing this assignment and your solutions, and other issues arise. 3. The complete source code. D. Important dates: 1. Submission: (week 13th) 12:00pm on Friday, 15th December 2017 2. Demo: (week 14th) during lab
